in the jabalia refugee camp in Northern
Gaza another day of morning an Israeli
strike hit a residential Block in the
early hours families have just retrived
the bodies of loved ones from under the
rule the dead receive a last kiss before
being taken for
peral we were sleeping and they attacked
us in the early morning they hit us
twice and the killed and wounded were
everywhere including the displaced
people the Samra family was the shahab
family in addition to other displaced
people from al-a were all
here Israel has repeatedly targeted the
densely populated jabalia Camp since the
start of the
conflict scenes of Destruction repeated
in this morning's attack that caused
whites bre
damage the Israeli occupation forces
have targeted The House of the shihab
family in jabal Al balab there are four
dead here under the rubble large number
of killed and wounded people who are in
a critical condition have been recovered
and moved from
him among the victims the young are the
most represented a reality that jabalia
residents struggle to
comprehend the majority of people killed
are children and women I have no idea
why the occupation forces have
exterminated the residents and displaced
people here nearly 19,000 Palestinians
have been killed since the start of the
war on Gaza in October in jabalia grief
is unrelenting and homes are no longer
centuries tar abazo Rafa Al jaaz